0. What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?
Ans. an artificial long word said to mean a lung disease caused by inhaling very fine ash and sand dust.

1. According to its man page, what does getrusage do?
Ans. getrusage() returns resource usage measures for RUSAGE_SELF , RUSAGE_CHILDREN and  RUSAGE_THREAD ( self , it's children and it's calling thread )

2. Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?
Ans. 16 ( 2 - struct and 14 - long types )

3. Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to calculate, even though we’re not changing their contents?
Ans. we dont want to access all 16 members of struct rusage so we will pass by reference 

4. Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading words from a file. In other words, convince us that you indeed understand how that function’s for loop works.
Ans. When we run program and we give command line input in argv[1] and argv[2].
a file pointer is set to a file that is opened in "readmode".
then variables ( index , misspellings , words ) are set up.
loop points the file pointer at each character until it points at an eof character.
if the file pointer's current character is not new line ( a-z , A-Z , ' ) then it keep reading
but if we read a new line char then it is added to word and word count in increased by 1.
then word is then passed through the misspelling checks if it is not in dictionary then it is misspelled.

5. Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather than use fscanf with a format string like "%s" to read whole words at a time? Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?
Ans. fgetc reads the file character by character and fscanf reads until white space so fgetc is more useful in discrimanating between alphabet and comma character because we are scaning charcter by character.

6. Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const?
Ans. to ensures that the initial value of the parameters ( const char* word and const char* dictionary ) cannot be modified by function

